Update description of a `credentialSubject` for a credential type `VerifiedEmployee` (#52)
decentralized-identity/jwt-vc-presentation-profile: spec/spec.md

Note: This profile leverages JWT for signature generation and verification only. There is a rich offering of Linked Data Cryptographic Suites which are not covered by this iteration of the profile.
For reference and more information on LD signature suites see the [Linked Data Cryptographic Suite Registry](https://w3c-ccg.github.io/ld-cryptosuite-registry/).

> ## Credential type `WokrplaceCredential`

Reviewer: typo - WokrplaceCredential -> `WorkplaceCredential`  :)

> ## Credential type `WokrplaceCredential`

Author: ```suggestion
## Credential type `WorkplaceCredential`
```

Below is a description of a `credentialSubject` for a credential type `WorkplaceCredential`. It is RECOMMENDED to be used with a Workplace Credential Use-Case defined below. However the usage of this credential type is OPTIONAL and is not required to be compliant with this profile.

- `displayName` REQUIRED. String. The name displayed for the user. This is usually the combination of the user's first name and last name. Maximum length is 256 characters.
- `givenName` OPTIONAL. String. The given name (first name) of the user. Maximum length is 64 characters.
- `surname`  OPTIONAL. String. The user's surname (family name or last name). Maximum length is 64 characters.
- `jobTitle` OPTIONAL. String. The user's job title. Maximum length is 128 characters.
- `preferredLanguage` OPTIONAL. String. The preferred language for the user. Should follow ISO 639-1 Code, for example en-US.

> - `photo`  OPTIONAL. The user's profile photo. The data is binary and not encoded in base64.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `photo`  OPTIONAL. The user's profile photo. The value is a data URL as defined in RFC 2397.
```

Author: Could I externalize this comment into an issue? I think we need to agree how we want photos to be handled.
